Idiom buckwheat he didn't mean to
How many times have I told him?
Let him embarrass me
He also bullied Mrs. Chen
You know.
How much effort did I put into this project?
But what can you do with him?
After all, he is still your wife
I should have known today
I should have divorced him a long time ago
Zhang Yu
But is that true?
Do you really want to divorce me?
The last thing I ever did in my life
Is to marry you
You are just like those people out there
Think I'm an ugly and fat pig
Right?
You know what those people outside say about you
You are indeed ugly and ugly
But I said I can tolerate you looking like a pig.
I can't accept that your brain is also a pig.
Oh, I see.
Wu Chengyu, do you hate me so much?
Slowly, what's the matter with that kid Lu Chengyu?
Did he bully you?
The divorce papers have been sent home
I can tolerate your appearance.
I can't accept that your brain TV deskmate is ugly and
Stupid Mr. Lu must regret marrying you
Do it wrong in this life
Is to marry you